Have you ever felt uncomfortable in your workplace?
Was it because of a colleague’s inappropriate
behaviour towards you or another colleague?
Sexual harassment occurs when someone is subjected
to unwanted sexual advances,
petitioned for sexual favours, or physically
or verbally abused.
Harassment doesn’t have to be of a sexual nature
it can include offensive remarks about a person’s sex.
For example, you could be guilty of harassing a man if
you make offensive comments about men in general.
Simple teasing or offhand comments might be allowed,
but harassment may be illegal when it creates a hostile
or offensive work environment.
It’s important that you recognise and
understand sexual harassment,
so that you can help to maintain a happy work environment,
free from hostility and discomfort.